docs: add `status` detail and enhance `getCachedData` readability (#30536)
nuxt/nuxt: docs/3.api/2.composables/use-async-data.md

- `data`: the result of the asynchronous function that is passed in.
- `refresh`/`execute`: a function that can be used to refresh the data returned by the `handler` function.
- `error`: an error object if the data fetching failed.
- `status`: a string indicating the status of the data request:

>   - `idle`: when the request has not started:
>     - set `{ immediate: false }` and `execute` not called
>     - set `{ server: false }` and on the server side

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `idle`: when the request has not started, such as:
    - when `execute` has not yet been called and `{ immediate: false }` is set
    - when rendering HTML on the server and `{ server: false }` is set
```
